Do you know what stupid thing you did?
I'm stupid Ye Qiuyan
Can you put yourself in the right position?
Come to my house to work and dare to yell at me
Just a lowly cleaner
What's the matter, you asked your dad to wake us up?
Ouch, I'm so scared.
The poor man put it together
That's deadly.
Weren't you pretty awesome when it was listed just now?
Why did you become the most despicable in such a short time?
The little cleaner
I'm not here to clean. How did you get in?
Ouch, it can't be a thief, can it?
Just don't shout
I also want to ask you how you got in
Hahaha Ye Qiuyan
Are you working stupid?
This is one of the properties in the night market
He is the eldest lady of the Ye family
Feel free to come
Strange how to act and play a full set
Even the keys to my house are done
Get out of here, didn't you say I'm a cleaner?
Please settle the wages
I'm not a family member who doesn't go out to work
Ah, the cleaning fee.
It's all calculated by our housekeeper.
This little money is not enough to bother me
When will the wages be paid?
When will I leave you?
Oh miss
Don't be like him, a cleaner.
He was not ashamed.
Let him be.
Is that a later date?
Let him wait by the side
Watch us eat a big meal
This is worthy of Yuncheng's asset number one
The home of the richest man in Ye is too grand
Be angry, it's worth it
Miss, when are we having dinner?
Yes, yes.
I'm still waiting for the Manchu banquet